content/docs/advanced/private-server.mdx, before:

---
title: Private Server Setup
description: Learn how to set up a private Balatro Multiplayer server.
---

import {Tab, Tabs} from 'fumadocs-ui/components/tabs';
import {File, Folder, Files} from 'fumadocs-ui/components/files';

## Starting a server

In each release we provide server files (one for each operating system). You can use these files to run your own server.

<Tabs items={['Windows', 'Mac', 'Linux']}>
	<Tab value="Windows">
		Simply download `server-win.exe` from the [latest release](https://github.com/Balatro-Multiplayer/BalatroMultiplayer/releases/latest) and run it.
	</Tab>
	<Tab value="Mac">
		Download `server-macos` from the [latest release](https://github.com/Balatro-Multiplayer/BalatroMultiplayer/releases/latest). Once you download the file, open terminal and navigate to the file:
		```sh
		cd /path/to/where/server-linux/is
		```

		You then have to make the server file executable as program, you can do this via cli by running:
		```sh
		chmod +x server-macos
		```

		To start the server, simply run the program. You can do this by running the following in the folder where the server executable is stored:
		```sh
		./server-macos
		```
	</Tab>
	<Tab value="Linux">
		Download `server-linux` from the [latest release](https://github.com/Balatro-Multiplayer/BalatroMultiplayer/releases/latest). Once you download the file, open terminal and navigate to the file:
		```sh
		cd /path/to/where/server-linux/is
		```

		You then have to make the server file executable as program, you can do this via cli by running:
		```sh
		chmod +x server-linux
		```

		To start the server, simply run the program. You can do this by running the following in the folder where the server executable is stored:
		```sh
		./server-linux
		```
	</Tab>
</Tabs>

## Connecting to the server

Once the server is running, players will have to modify their configs to point to the server.
To modify your config, go to Balatro's save folder (where the `Mods` folder isalso located). On Windows this is `%AppData%/Balatro`.
Inside the `config` folder will be a file called `Multiplayer.jkr`.
If this file is not there, then you will need to launch the game with the Multiplayer mod installed at least once.

<Files>
	<Folder name="Mods">
		<File name="Multiplayer"/>
	</Folder>
	<Folder name="config" defaultOpen>
		<File name="Multiplayer.jkr"/>
	</Folder>

</Files>

The contents of `Multiplayer.jkr` is lua script, and will look something like this by default:

```lua
return {
	["misprint_display"] = true,
	["logging"] = false,
	["integrations"] = {
		["TheOrder"] = false,
	},
	["username"] = "Guest",
	["server_url"] = "balatro.virtualized.dev",
	["server_port"] = 8788,
}
```

If you are running the server over LAN, you can change the `["server_url"]` field to `"localhost"`.

If you want to host the server over the internet, you will have to forward the port defined in the `["server_port"]` field, which is `8788` by default.
Those whom want to connect to you will have to input your public IP address in the `["server_url"]` field.
An easy way to find your public IP address is by visitng https://www.whatismyip.com.

If you would like to avoid port forwarding or can't for whatever reason, players will have to connect to you through a tunnel service like Hamachi, ZeroTier, or Tailscale.

Commit message:

Fix typo and add a code block to highlight the field to change

content/docs/advanced/private-server.mdx, after:

---
title: Private Server Setup
description: Learn how to set up a private Balatro Multiplayer server.
---

import {Tab, Tabs} from 'fumadocs-ui/components/tabs';
import {File, Folder, Files} from 'fumadocs-ui/components/files';

## Starting a server

In each release we provide server files (one for each operating system). You can use these files to run your own server.

<Tabs items={['Windows', 'Mac', 'Linux']}>
	<Tab value="Windows">
		Simply download `server-win.exe` from the [latest
		release](https://github.com/Balatro-Multiplayer/BalatroMultiplayer/releases/latest) and run it.
	</Tab>
	<Tab value="Mac">
		Download `server-macos` from the [latest
		release](https://github.com/Balatro-Multiplayer/BalatroMultiplayer/releases/latest). Once you download the file,
		open terminal and navigate to the file:
		```sh
		cd /path/to/where/server-linux/is
		```

		You then have to make the server file executable as program, you can do this via cli by running:
		```sh
		chmod +x server-macos
		```

		To start the server, simply run the program. You can do this by running the following in the folder where the
		server executable is stored:
		```sh
		./server-macos
		```
	</Tab>
	<Tab value="Linux">
		Download `server-linux` from the [latest
		release](https://github.com/Balatro-Multiplayer/BalatroMultiplayer/releases/latest). Once you download the file,
		open terminal and navigate to the file:
		```sh
		cd /path/to/where/server-linux/is
		```

		You then have to make the server file executable as program, you can do this via cli by running:
		```sh
		chmod +x server-linux
		```

		To start the server, simply run the program. You can do this by running the following in the folder where the
		server executable is stored:
		```sh
		./server-linux
		```
	</Tab>
</Tabs>

## Connecting to the server

Once the server is running, players will have to modify their configs to point to the server.
To modify your config, go to Balatro's save folder (where the `Mods` folder is also located). On Windows this is `%AppData%/Balatro`.
Inside the `config` folder will be a file called `Multiplayer.jkr`.
If this file is not there, then you will need to launch the game with the Multiplayer mod installed at least once.

<Files>
	<Folder name="Mods">
		<Folder name="Multiplayer"/>
	</Folder>
	<Folder name="config" defaultOpen>
		<File name="Multiplayer.jkr"/>
	</Folder>

</Files>

The contents of `Multiplayer.jkr` is lua script, and will look something like this by default:

```lua
return {
	["misprint_display"] = true,
	["logging"] = false,
	["integrations"] = {
		["TheOrder"] = false,
	},
	["username"] = "Guest",
	["server_url"] = "balatro.virtualized.dev",
	["server_port"] = 8788,
}
```

If you are running the server over LAN, you can change the `["server_url"]` field to `"localhost"`:

```lua
return {
	["misprint_display"] = true,
	["logging"] = false,
	["integrations"] = {
		["TheOrder"] = false,
	},
	["username"] = "Guest",
    -- [!code word:localhost]
	["server_url"] = "localhost", -- [!code highlight]
	["server_port"] = 8788,
}
```

If you want to host the server over the internet, you will have to forward the port defined in the `["server_port"]` field, which is `8788` by default.
Those whom want to connect to you will have to input your public IP address in the `["server_url"]` field.
An easy way to find your public IP address is by visiting https://www.whatismyip.com.

If you would like to avoid port forwarding or can't for whatever reason, players will have to connect to you through a tunnel service like Hamachi, ZeroTier, or Tailscale.
